{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10360\viewh6700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Inheritance is a very important concept in Python. It allows you to create a series of classes that share the functions and methods from another class. This makes your code more reusable and easier to maintain. Instead of duplicating code across multiple classes, you can define common functionality in a single "parent" class and then have other "child" classes inherit from it.\
	When you use inheritance, you define a parent class with the functions and methods that will be shared. Child classes then inherit these functions and methods, meaning they have access to the same functionality without needing to duplicate the code. This helps to keep your code DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself), making it cleaner and more efficient.\
	Maintaining your code becomes easier with inheritance. If you need to make changes to the shared functionality, you only have to modify the parent class. All child classes that inherit from this parent class will automatically have the updated functionality. This reduces the risk of errors and saves time, as you don\'92t have to update each child class individually.\
	In this setup, the parent class remains static and acts as a foundation for the child classes. The child classes can extend or override the parent class's functionality as needed. This structure allows for better organization in your code, making it easier to manage and understand.}